# hw-2 Profile
Home work Two - Profile
This challenge was made in order to have the student make a profile of themselves that they can show to employers. The page had to adhere to certain standards of html syntax as well as css. Images had to be added and sized in order to fit the page and/or their sections. Different headings had to be lined up to their respective sections and had to be in order in terms of their margins and padding.
The links in this challenge had to lead the user to a certain part of the page. If the user clicked on the "about" link, the page will automatically move to that part of the page, and each other link also had to take the user to that part of the page also. In the "contact" section, I made the phone number a clickable link that the browser would try to call the page developer. Each other link, whether it was the email, github, or linkedin, would take the user to that website in a new tab.
The project section had to adhere to certain standards also. The first child had to be bigger than the rest of the projects, and each project had to have a background image corresponding to what the project was. I had to make some projects up in order to adhere to the standards, but they all have an image and have effects for when the user hovers over the project with their pointer.
Coloring was an issue while I was coding, so I had to keep it simple with a light-gray background, and darker text. For the nav items & the contact me items, the color & background would change when the user hovered over it with their mouse.
Comments were added to the HTML and the CSS in where I had to add images or code. In the CSS the comments explained what the code under it was meant to do.
This project was challenging and I feel like I could have improved the page overall, but the only way I could've known this was to start. If I had to start over, the page would turn out better based on what I have learned this first time going through this challenge. 